[MUSIC PLAYING]
SURMA: From time to time, we
have built some fairly complex
animations on "Supercharged"--
some might even
say unnecessarily complex.
So for example, do you
remember this flipswitch
we built at the
Polymer Summit 2016?
It looks pretty neat, right?
But what is actually happening?
Whenever you find one of
these animations on the web,
it can be interesting to see
how the animation was done,
but sometimes the
code is obfuscated,
and it is not really obvious to
see what is actually happening
and what is just slight of hand.
Enter DevTools.
If you open DevTools, you
can open the context menu
on the right and take a
look at the more tools menu.
There's a couple
of things in there
that you might not
know DevTools had.
One of them is the layers panel.
Set the animation speed to
10% and adjust the perspective
on the layers panel, so you
can see the individual layers
from the side.
If you now play the animation,
it becomes crystal clear
what animation is happening
and in what order.
Pretty useful, right?
So there you have it.
Some of the less discoverable
features in DevTools
can prove quite useful.
Thanks for watching,
and see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
One more?
[INAUDIBLE] one more?
OK, so the deal is I need
you to subscribe or watch
the latest "Supercharged" video,
or they won't let me go home.